Add F.A.Q. (#206)
queens-py/queens: doc/source/faq/requirements.md

# What are the requirements for QUEENS?

Currently, QUEENS is only tested on UNIX systems. Besides Python, QUEENS requires [rsync](https://rsync.samba.org/) in order to copy simulation files.

> The Python dependencies for QUEENS can be found in the `requirments.txt` file. There are a lot of them and we are working on reducing them, or at least make them optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python dependencies for QUEENS can be found in the `requirements.txt` file. There are a lot of them, and we are working on reducing them, or at least making them optional.
```
